AidenKruhlak.md, before:

---
layout: math
---
# Aiden Kruhlak's Tutoring Home page

Year 11 Methods.

Interested in math for Engineering.

Last tutoring session: 14th of May 6:00pm - 7:00pm

Next tutoring session: 21st of May 5:00pm - 6:00pm

Charity: The Hunger Project Australia, (donated $140)

Up to factorising cubics with long division

### Goal for next tutoring session
Goal to complete up to 4A.

### Notes for 21st of April

Seems like we had a lot to talk about!

Here are a couple of useful links

 - [Parabola Transformations](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/gh5du3k4mp)
 - [Parabola Forms](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/z1tvbo5cew)
 - [Synthetic Division](https://www.purplemath.com/modules/synthdiv.htm)

Friday your Turtle assignment is due!

My advice would be to say if you don't find it interesting and fun, you might
be looking at the problem wrong. Feel free to send me messages and we can
talk through other problems!

### Notes for the 28th of April

Looking mainly through your test results.

Do not forget the $$a$$ in $$a(x-b)(x-c)$$

To find the the vertex of a parabola, use $$\frac{-b}{2a}$$

 - [Parabola Vertex](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/xagm2cxlqu)

Show questions do not allow you to use the solution that is given, you must derive
the solution. However, if you can't get a show question, use the answer to solve
the following questions.

Length of lines can be done with pythagoras $$\sqrt{a^2 + b^2}$$

To determine intersections, simply equate one equation with the other. Intersections
often are when one function will become larger than the other or vice versa.

Make sure you come to me with good questions! I am a limited resource, so first
have a go at the work that you have been allocated then bring it to me.

### Notes for the 7th and 14th of May
Congratulations on your test results!

You're getting pretty good at transformations. Just remember, with $$f(x-h)+c$$
is translated up c and to the right by h. Sometimes you do get the two mixed up.

Sometimes I think that your are less confident about your answers than you should
be. Be proud of your mistakes! They are definitely your greatest teachers. I
really enjoy making mistakes and being wrong about things, because there's nothing
that will make you understand a concept better than to be wrong about it.

Just for reference:

$$\frac{a}{\frac{b}{c}} = \frac{a}{\frac{b}{c}} \cdot \frac{c}{c} = \frac{ac}{b}$$

If you ever want to model anything. You first get the general form (like $$y=mx+c$$
for lines) then substitute in points. That's the process no matter what you are modelling.

Commit message:

Add Will and Aiden pages

AidenKruhlak.md, after:

---
layout: math
---
# Aiden Kruhlak's Tutoring Home page

Year 11 Methods.

Interested in math for Engineering.

Last tutoring session: 21sh of May 6:00pm - 7:00pm

Next tutoring session: 28th of May 6:00pm - 7:00pm

Charity: The Hunger Project Australia, (donated $160)

Up to factorising cubics with long division

### Goal for next tutoring session
Goal to understand Domain and Ranges, and to find a question to send to Sam

### Notes for 21st of April

Seems like we had a lot to talk about!

Here are a couple of useful links

 - [Parabola Transformations](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/gh5du3k4mp)
 - [Parabola Forms](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/z1tvbo5cew)
 - [Synthetic Division](https://www.purplemath.com/modules/synthdiv.htm)

Friday your Turtle assignment is due!

My advice would be to say if you don't find it interesting and fun, you might
be looking at the problem wrong. Feel free to send me messages and we can
talk through other problems!

### Notes for the 28th of April

Looking mainly through your test results.

Do not forget the $$a$$ in $$a(x-b)(x-c)$$

To find the the vertex of a parabola, use $$\frac{-b}{2a}$$

 - [Parabola Vertex](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/xagm2cxlqu)

Show questions do not allow you to use the solution that is given, you must derive
the solution. However, if you can't get a show question, use the answer to solve
the following questions.

Length of lines can be done with pythagoras $$\sqrt{a^2 + b^2}$$

To determine intersections, simply equate one equation with the other. Intersections
often are when one function will become larger than the other or vice versa.

Make sure you come to me with good questions! I am a limited resource, so first
have a go at the work that you have been allocated then bring it to me.

### Notes for the 7th and 14th of May
Congratulations on your test results!

You're getting pretty good at transformations. Just remember, with $$f(x-h)+c$$
is translated up c and to the right by h. Sometimes you do get the two mixed up.

Sometimes I think that your are less confident about your answers than you should
be. Be proud of your mistakes! They are definitely your greatest teachers. I
really enjoy making mistakes and being wrong about things, because there's nothing
that will make you understand a concept better than to be wrong about it.

Just for reference:

$$\frac{a}{\frac{b}{c}} = \frac{a}{\frac{b}{c}} \cdot \frac{c}{c} = \frac{ac}{b}$$

If you ever want to model anything. You first get the general form (like $$y=mx+c$$
for lines) then substitute in points. That's the process no matter what you are modelling.

### Notes for the 21st of May
You need much less help than you think you do. You could solve a lot of the
equations that we did today if you just put your mind to it.

I'm hoping that my little explanations of why the circle formula is what it is
and such things are useful to you! It's always good to ask why. Have a go at asking
why with me sometime! I do need to get better at some of my explanations as well.

For the first part of this lesson, I was trying to talk about methods that are
very much more general than you think they are. Asking why about your formulas
and methods will help you understand the limitations and use cases of each of
each of the methods. For instance, translating by substituting $$x$$ into $$x - a$$
also works for $$y$$ (and even $$z$$ if you are going 3D).

Furthermore, subsituting $x = 0$ will always find the $y$ intercepts.

For the second part, we are looking into more sets! [Here's a link](https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/number-types.html) 
to all the sets you'll probably need to remember. Most mathematicians would be
familiar with these (other than the symbol for Imaginary and Algebraic Numbers)
R will be the set you will probably use the most.

Please send me any questions you have about sets! Good job this week. I'm very 
impressed.
