WillRofe.md, before:

# Will Rofe's tutoring Home page

Last tutoring session: 7th of April 4:00pm - 5:00pm

Next tutoring session: 21st of April 4:00pm - 5:00pm

Charity: [Beyond Blue](https://www.beyondblue.org.au/)(Donated $100)

Up to Chapter 4, "A Gallery of Graphs"

### Goal for next tutoring session
Understand piecewise functions

### Useful links about tutoring session from the 16th of April
- [Transforming Hyperbola](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/8o0yflpjef)
- [Tangents of Circles](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/v0lbzd0knj)

### Notes from the 30th of April
Can you get my depth of wells question?

[Here is some really formal stuff on domains on wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_of_a_function).

It might be a bit pure, but if you can wrap your head around it, you are primed
to have a very strong understanding of what a domain is.

You seem to be pretty good at inverse functions. Good job!

I can't think of many good explanations of piecewise functions that would be
better than you looking at examples and websites on your own. Good luck!

### Notes from the 7th of May
Good to hear that your SAC went well!

Doing really well!

Commit message:

Add Will and Aiden pages

WillRofe.md, after:

# Will Rofe's tutoring Home page

Last tutoring session: 21st of April 4:00pm - 5:00pm

Next tutoring session: 28th of April 4:00pm - 5:00pm

Charity: [Beyond Blue](https://www.beyondblue.org.au/)(Donated $110)

Up to Chapter 4, "A Gallery of Graphs"

### Goal for next tutoring session
Understand piecewise functions

### Useful links about tutoring session from the 16th of April
- [Transforming Hyperbola](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/8o0yflpjef)
- [Tangents of Circles](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/v0lbzd0knj)

### Notes from the 30th of April
Can you get my depth of wells question?

[Here is some really formal stuff on domains on wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_of_a_function).

It might be a bit pure, but if you can wrap your head around it, you are primed
to have a very strong understanding of what a domain is.

You seem to be pretty good at inverse functions. Good job!

I can't think of many good explanations of piecewise functions that would be
better than you looking at examples and websites on your own. Good luck!

### Notes from the 7th of May
Good to hear that your SAC went well!

Doing really well!

### Notes from the 21st of May
Excited to get back to school.

Doing very well with constructing polynomials. Although you don't seem to be
making this mistake, I'll warn you about this common pitfall.

How many points make a cubic? 4 points. You'll find that most of the time you will
be getting 4 points when looking at cubics.

This corresponds to the 4 variables you have to solve for in:

$$y = a(x-b)(x-c)(x-d)$$

You need 3 points for polynomials, 5 for quartics etc. Remember this and make
sure you're not forgeting a variable (the $$a$$ at the start of this equation is
often forgoting)

Synthetic division! Google it, it's a fantastic tool.
